[oneTBB] Improve oneTBB type & named requirements (#496)
oneapi-src/oneAPI-spec: source/elements/oneTBB/source/algorithms/functions/parallel_for_each_func.rst

Requirements:

* The ``Body`` type must meet the :doc:`ParallelForEachBody requirements <../../named_requirements/algorithms/par_for_each_body>`.
* The ``InputIterator`` type must meet the `Input Iterator` requirements from the [input.iterators] section of the ISO C++ Standard.
* The ``Container`` type must meet the :doc:`ContainerBasedSequence requirements <../../named_requirements/algorithms/container_based_sequence>`.
* If ``InputIterator`` type does not meet the `Forward Iterator` requirements from the [forward.iterators] section of the ISO C++ Standard,

>   the ``std::iterator_traits<InputIterator>::value_type`` type must be constructible from ``std::iterator_traits<InputIterator>::reference``.

Reviewer: Move these lines above, right after the line 40

Reviewer 2: Done

> * ``decltype(std::declval<Container>().begin())`` must meet the same requirements as the `Input Iterator` type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The type returned by ``Container::begin()`` must meet the same requirements as the ``InputIterator`` type above.
```

Reviewer 2: Done
